profile/README.md, before:

# BuddyCount

#### Links

- [Landing Page](https://buddycount.github.io/Landing-Page/)
- [App Mockup (Figma)](https://www.figma.com/design/9XQxoVSvsGFkov3m2gtXxE/Mockup?m=auto&t=NGKzTnuxCkvpSpkX-1)
- [Presentation (Slides)](https://www.figma.com/deck/KjmyK0v7asETsG9oqf7VsT/Slides), [PDF version](https://github.com/BuddyCount/BuddyCount/tree/main/docs/src/presentation.pdf)
- [Presentation (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsQE-BCzkJg)
- [Documentation, onboarding and contribution guide](https://github.com/BuddyCount/BuddyCount)

#### Table of contents

- [Why BuddyCount?](#why-buddycount)
- [Features](#features)
- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Why BuddyCount over other alternatives?](#why-buddycount-over-other-alternatives)


## Why BuddyCount?

Imagine you're going on a ski trip with your friends. Bob paid for the lift tickets, Alice paid the gas, and you paid for the hotel. Its only day one, and you already have to do _scientific calculations_ to make sure no one's paying an unfair amount. You're the only one who's "good" with maths, so you're tasked with calculating how much each of you owes to the others. There you are: on holidays, and still doing maths...

But fear not: **_BuddyCount_ is there for you** ! It's a user-friendly app that helps you keep track of who owes what automatically. No more maths, no more headaches, no more stress.

## Features
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>User features</th>
      <th>Technical features</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <ul>
        <li>[x] Expenses tracking</li>
        <li>[x] Expenses prediction</li>
        <li>[x] Customizable expenses view</li>
        <li>[x] Multi-currency support</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
    <td>
      <ul>
        <li>[x] Export data / import expenses from other apps</li>
        <li>[x] Account-less</li>
        <li>[x] Free & open source</li>
        <li>[x] Secure data</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Quick start

Start using BuddyCount in 3 easy steps

1. Download the app.
2. Create a new Bud and add your friends.
3. Add the expenses you've paid for. You're done!

## Why BuddyCount over other alternatives?

Many reasons. First, we're great. Second, we're awesome. Third, we're great and awesome.

1. **Account-less**: no need to create an account. No need to share personal data with us.
2. **Easy to use**: Our app is designed to be user-friendly and easy to use.
3. **Expenses prediction**: Our app makes expenses prediction based on your past expenses.
4. **Fully customizable view**: filtering, sorting, ... you name it!
4. **Free**: Our app is free to use. No ads, ever.
5. **Secure data**: Your data is stored securely and encrypted.
6. **Open source**: Our app is open source.

Commit message:

Add local quick start infos

profile/README.md, after:

# BuddyCount

#### Links

- [Landing Page](https://buddycount.github.io/Landing-Page/)
- [App Mockup (Figma)](https://www.figma.com/design/9XQxoVSvsGFkov3m2gtXxE/Mockup?m=auto&t=NGKzTnuxCkvpSpkX-1)
- [Presentation (Slides)](https://www.figma.com/deck/KjmyK0v7asETsG9oqf7VsT/Slides), [PDF version](https://github.com/BuddyCount/BuddyCount/tree/main/docs/src/presentation.pdf)
- [Presentation (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsQE-BCzkJg)
- [Documentation, onboarding and contribution guide](https://github.com/BuddyCount/BuddyCount)

#### Table of contents

- [Why BuddyCount?](#why-buddycount)
- [Features](#features)
- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Quick start locally](#quick-start-locally)
- [Why BuddyCount over other alternatives?](#why-buddycount-over-other-alternatives)


## Why BuddyCount?

Imagine you're going on a ski trip with your friends. Bob paid for the lift tickets, Alice paid the gas, and you paid for the hotel. Its only day one, and you already have to do _scientific calculations_ to make sure no one's paying an unfair amount. You're the only one who's "good" with maths, so you're tasked with calculating how much each of you owes to the others. There you are: on holidays, and still doing maths...

But fear not: **_BuddyCount_ is there for you** ! It's a user-friendly app that helps you keep track of who owes what automatically. No more maths, no more headaches, no more stress.

## Features
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>User features</th>
      <th>Technical features</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <ul>
        <li>[x] Expenses tracking</li>
        <li>[x] Expenses prediction</li>
        <li>[x] Customizable expenses view</li>
        <li>[x] Multi-currency support</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
    <td>
      <ul>
        <li>[x] Export data / import expenses from other apps</li>
        <li>[x] Account-less</li>
        <li>[x] Free & open source</li>
        <li>[x] Secure data</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Quick start

Start using BuddyCount in 3 easy steps

1. Download the app.
2. Create a new Bud and add your friends.
3. Add the expenses you've paid for. You're done!

## Quick start locally

To run the app locally, please read the [documentation](https://github.com/BuddyCount/BuddyCount).

## Why BuddyCount over other alternatives?

Many reasons. First, we're great. Second, we're awesome. Third, we're great and awesome.

1. **Account-less**: no need to create an account. No need to share personal data with us.
2. **Easy to use**: Our app is designed to be user-friendly and easy to use.
3. **Expenses prediction**: Our app makes expenses prediction based on your past expenses.
4. **Fully customizable view**: filtering, sorting, ... you name it!
4. **Free**: Our app is free to use. No ads, ever.
5. **Secure data**: Your data is stored securely and encrypted.
6. **Open source**: Our app is open source.
